[v7] Implement terra-application v2 and Eliminate intermediate build step and config (#313)
cerner/terra-dev-site: README.md

[![Dependencies status](https://badgen.net/david/dep/cerner/terra-dev-site)](https://david-dm.org/cerner/terra-dev-site)
[![devDependencies status](https://badgen.net/david/dev/cerner/terra-dev-site)](https://david-dm.org/cerner/terra-dev-site?type=dev)

> A webpack plugin to dynamically builds a terra-application documentation and testing site. See [terra-ui](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/dev_tools/terra-dev-site/terra-dev-site/about) for documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A webpack plugin to dynamically build a documentation and testing site using terra-application as the applicaiton foundation. See [terra-ui](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/dev_tools/terra-dev-site/terra-dev-site/about) for documentation.
```

## Installing the package

```bash

> npm install --save-dev @cerner/terra-dev-site

Reviewer: Can we also list the peer dependencies to this quick copy & paste command?

Author: updated

[![Dependencies status](https://badgen.net/david/dep/cerner/terra-dev-site)](https://david-dm.org/cerner/terra-dev-site)
[![devDependencies status](https://badgen.net/david/dev/cerner/terra-dev-site)](https://david-dm.org/cerner/terra-dev-site?type=dev)

A webpack plugin to dynamically build a documentation and testing site using terra-application as the foundation. See [terra-ui](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/dev_tools/terra-dev-site/terra-dev-site/about) for documentation.

## Installing the package

```bash
npm install --save-dev @cerner/terra-dev-site

// Install Peer Dependencies

> npm install --save-dev @cerner/terra-application react-dom react webpack

Reviewer 2: This will install webpack 5 and react 17.

Not sure if we can do:

npm install --save-dev @cerner/terra-application react-dom@^16.8.5 react@^16.8.5 webpack@^4.28.1

Author: lol
